capital = 132

set_research_slots = 4

set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1
add_command_power = 20

set_convoys = 800

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes ##suspended through duration of war, which is handled via event
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 83
	neutrality = 13
	fascism = 4
}

recruit_character = ALG_ar
recruit_character = ALG_acr
recruit_character = ALG_mt
recruit_character = ALG_stc
recruit_character = ALG_aa2
recruit_character = ALG_acgs
recruit_character = ALG_ncm
recruit_character = ALG_nccr
recruit_character = ALG_coi
recruit_character = ALG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = ALG_acd2
recruit_character = ALG_acas
recruit_character = ALG_communist_guy
recruit_character = ALG_ncs
recruit_character = ALG_awt
recruit_character = ALG_pot
recruit_character = ALG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ALG_ai2
recruit_character = ALG_nt
recruit_character = ALG_aco2